Add README with CLI usage descriptions (#20)
scalar-labs/scalar-admin-for-kubernetes: README.md

> # Scalar Admin k8s

Author: As we discussed in the meeting, we chose `4.` as a naming policy for this product.
https://scalar-labs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SD/pages/1822261303/2023-12-21+Meeting+notes+Scalar+Admin+for+Kubernetes

> # Scalar Admin k8s

Author: Fixed in c3656bf0474caba994f825c28f0b39648a6a748d.

> 

Reviewer: Can you add a few sentences describing what this is?
I think it's helpful even for internal developers.
Something like the following.
```
scalar-admin-k8s is a tool that creates a paused state for Scalar products (e.g., ScalarDB and ScalarDL) in a Kubernetes environment. We can use such a paused state to take backups easily and consistently across multiple diverse databases.
```
(This might need to be checked by @josh-wong if it is used.)

Author: I added such an explanation in 71c433ebdb7cad746e75a60eb4073d24743acc2c.

@josh-wong  
Could you please also check this new sentence? Thank you!

Reviewer 2: I was unable to suggest changes to the sentence in a reply to this message, so I added a [new comment with my suggestion](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalar-admin-for-kubernetes/pull/20#discussion_r1436006631).

## Usage of the CLI tool

```console
Usage: scalar-admin-k8s-cli [-h] [-d=<pauseDuration>] [-n=<namespace>]
                            -r=<helmReleaseName> [-w=<maxPauseWaitTime>]
                            [-z=<zoneId>]
Scalar Admin pause tool for the Kubernetes environment
  -d, --pause-duration=<pauseDuration>
                             The duration of the pause period by millisecond.
                               5000 (5 seconds) by default.
  -h, --help                 Display the help message.
  -n, --namespace=<namespace>
                             Namespace that Scalar products you want to pause
                               are deployed. `default` by default.

>   -r, --release-name=<helmReleaseName>

Reviewer 3: To be clear, only `-r` is required, correct? If so, I think it would be helpful to note that this parameter is required in the parameter description here.

                             Helm's release name that you specify when you run
                               the `helm install <RELEASE_NAME>` command. You
                               can see the <RELEASE_NAME> by using the `helm
                               list` command.
  -w, --max-pause-wait-time=<maxPauseWaitTime>
                             The max wait time (in milliseconds) until Scalar
                               products drain outstanding requests before they
                               pause. If omitting this option, the max wait
                               time will be the default value defined in the
                               products. Most Scalar products have the default
                               value of 30 seconds.
  -z, --time-zone=<zoneId>   Specify a time zone ID, e.g., Asia/Tokyo, to
                               output successful paused period. Note the time
                               zone ID is case sensitive. Etc/UTC by default.
```

> ## Run the CLI tool on a Kubernetes environment

Author: This section explains how to run the `scalar-admin-k8s` CLI tool manually.
However, I think there are almost no users to use this way.
We assume that users use Helm Chart instead of that.

> The `scalar-admin-k8s` CLI tool executes Kubernetes APIs in its internal processes. To run those Kubernetes APIs, you must run the `scalar-admin-k8s` CLI tool as a pod on the Kubernetes environment and you must:

Reviewer 2: Depending on what we call the product (as mentioned in my previous comment), the product mentions in this paragraph might need to be updated.

```suggestion
The `scalar-admin-k8s` CLI tool executes Kubernetes APIs in its internal processes. To run those Kubernetes APIs, you must run the `scalar-admin-k8s` CLI tool as a pod on the Kubernetes environment and then do the following:
```

Author: @josh-wong  
Thank you for your suggestion! 

In practice, the content of this section is a `steps` to deploy Scalar Admin for Kubernetes CLI on the Kubernetes environment.

So, how about the following sentence?
```suggestion
The `scalar-admin-for-kubernetes` CLI tool executes Kubernetes APIs in its internal processes. To run those Kubernetes APIs, you must run the `scalar-admin-for-kubernetes` CLI tool as a pod on the Kubernetes environment by following to below steps.
```

Reviewer 2: @kota2and3kan Thank you for clarifying that! I assumed the steps were separate from the `you must run` part since we use `and` to introduce the steps.

In this case, let's use the following:

```suggestion
The `scalar-admin-for-kubernetes` CLI tool executes Kubernetes APIs in its internal processes. To run those Kubernetes APIs, you must run the `scalar-admin-for-kubernetes` CLI tool as a pod on the Kubernetes environment by following the steps below:
```

Author: @josh-wong  
Thank you for your suggestion!
I applied it in 8d5d2a4e3a8686ecba1c1607e98224988f547ec4 .

     ```yaml
     apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
     kind: RoleBinding
     metadata:
       name: scalar-admin-k8s-rolebinding
       namespace: <YOUR_NAMESPACE>
     subjects:
       - kind: ServiceAccount
         name: scalar-admin-k8s-sa
     roleRef:
       kind: Role
       name: scalar-admin-k8s-role
       apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
     ```

   * ServiceAccount

     ```yaml
     apiVersion: v1
     kind: ServiceAccount
     metadata:
       name: scalar-admin-k8s-sa
       namespace: <YOUR_NAMESPACE>
     ```

1. Mount the `ServiceAccount` on the `scalar-admin-k8s` pod.
   * Pod

     ```yaml
     apiVersion: v1
     kind: Pod
     metadata:
       name: scalar-admin-k8s
       namespace: <YOUR_NAMESPACE>
     spec:
       serviceAccountName: scalar-admin-k8s-sa
       containers:
       - name: scalar-admin-k8s
         image: ghcr.io/scalar-labs/scalar-admin-k8s:1.0.0
         command:
           - java
           - -jar
           - /app.jar
           - -r
           - <HELM_RELEASE_NAME>
           - -n
           - <SCALAR_PRODUCT_NAMESPACE>
           - -d
           - <PAUSE_DURATION>
           - -z
           - <TIMEZONE>
     ```

> ## Run the CLI tool on a Kubernetes environment by using Helm Chart

Author: After I release the Helm Chart, I will update this section (add a link to the document of Helm Chart) in the future.
We assume that almost all users use this way for backup operations.

# Scalar Admin for Kubernetes

> Scalar Admin for Kubernetes is a tool that creates a paused state for Scalar products (for example, ScalarDB and ScalarDL) in a Kubernetes environment. You can use such a paused state to take backups easily and consistently across multiple diverse databases.

Reviewer 2: When we mention `Scalar products`, do we mean just ScalarDB and ScalarDL? If so, I'd like to change that part as follows:

```suggestion
Scalar Admin for Kubernetes is a tool that creates a paused state for ScalarDB or ScalarDL in a Kubernetes environment. You can use such a paused state to take backups easily and consistently across multiple diverse databases.
```

Author: > do we mean just ScalarDB and ScalarDL?

Yes. At this time, we mean ScalarDB and ScalarDL as a target of Scalar Admin for Kubernetes.
I will apply the suggestion. Thank you!

                               are deployed. `default` by default.
  -r, --release-name=<helmReleaseName>
                             Helm's release name that you specify when you run
                               the `helm install <RELEASE_NAME>` command. You
                               can see the <RELEASE_NAME> by using the `helm
                               list` command.
  -w, --max-pause-wait-time=<maxPauseWaitTime>
                             The max wait time (in milliseconds) until Scalar
                               products drain outstanding requests before they
                               pause. If omitting this option, the max wait
                               time will be the default value defined in the
                               products. Most Scalar products have the default
                               value of 30 seconds.
  -z, --time-zone=<zoneId>   Specify a time zone ID, e.g., Asia/Tokyo, to
                               output successful paused period. Note the time
                               zone ID is case sensitive. Etc/UTC by default.
```

## Run the CLI tool in a Kubernetes environment

> The `scalar-admin-for-kubernetes` CLI tool executes Kubernetes APIs in its internal processes. To run those Kubernetes APIs, you must run the `scalar-admin-for-kubernetes` CLI tool as a pod on the Kubernetes environment and you must:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `scalar-admin-for-kubernetes` CLI tool executes Kubernetes APIs in its internal processes. To run those Kubernetes APIs, you must run the `scalar-admin-for-kubernetes` CLI tool as a pod in the Kubernetes environment and do the following:
```

1. Create three Kubernetes resources (`Role`, `RoleBinding`, and `ServiceAccount`), replacing the contents in the angle brackets as described:

   * Role

     ```yaml
     apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
     kind: Role
     metadata:
       name: scalar-admin-for-kubernetes-role
       namespace: <YOUR_NAMESPACE>
     rules:
       - apiGroups: ["", "apps"]
         resources: ["pods", "deployments", "services"]
         verbs: ["get", "list"]
     ```

   * RoleBinding

     ```yaml
     apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
     kind: RoleBinding
     metadata:
       name: scalar-admin-for-kubernetes-rolebinding
       namespace: <YOUR_NAMESPACE>
     subjects:
       - kind: ServiceAccount
         name: scalar-admin-for-kubernetes-sa
     roleRef:
       kind: Role
       name: scalar-admin-for-kubernetes-role
       apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
     ```

   * ServiceAccount

     ```yaml
     apiVersion: v1
     kind: ServiceAccount
     metadata:
       name: scalar-admin-for-kubernetes-sa
       namespace: <YOUR_NAMESPACE>
     ```

> 1. Mount the `ServiceAccount` on the `scalar-admin-for-kubernetes` pod, replacing the contents in the angle brackets as described:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Mount the `ServiceAccount` resource on the `scalar-admin-for-kubernetes` pod, replacing the contents in the angle brackets as described:
```
